hey y'all hi dad so again i have Josiah
with me all of this week I'm so excited
to have him here spending the week with
me but today we're going to be opening
the marble figure queuing now just like
and I have open these together
beforehand we sweetie and I and I got
born that way yeah and Josiah was able
to say okay I think this is what I want
you open it and Rose what was in the bag
cuz in the desire so anyway this is
series one this is what it looks like
and this is on the back now there are 1
2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 11 of these that
you can collect now I know you have
animals from last time this is a rocket
racket you think that's a rocket record
let's just get started and see what we
got now few of these are exclusive whose
name is goofy Oh hold up so everybody
see this is Iron Man now we did get iron
man a big rusev be Iron Man but we
didn't have the regular winner you sire
so he's cool love it love it okay go
ahead and okay in the second one don't
fire me an older one
yeah hey Sam's the double spider-man
because we opened spider-man the last
time and a black widow Josiah it's a
route awesome now just I have reopened
route last time so this is the dough for
me so guess wat go home with Josiah from
cool but look at Bruce baby he is the
several awesome love love middle
spending and double black you so desire
won't start oh no you have another groom
and if it's a girl kid walk handle
against a group too oh my goodness and
we got two roots oh ha that's cuz I'm
gonna get to when I got 30 people guys
but just I guess one Kayla get wine we
have rocket Rhett oh no did this this is
nick fury yeah Nick Fury okay this will
this is the first Nick Fury that I have
so that's awesome so so far Nick Fury
and um this is Iron Man I do not have
this our last bag you know dear Wow
nothing really gonna pick a nice tension
now the only got one that we haven't
gotten in before yeah what we do this is
the first time that Nick Fury but so you
get a pic very good route so those two
are yours and this one is Kayla's if she
wants it so anyway
today we have two of the net Furies iron
man and two roots so anyway that was a
fun though anyway because we open in a
group we open it I'm and a group dinner
group then make buried in Nick Fury yeah
I know it so anyway now I've got two new
ones and then three repeats from another
opening so anyway so those two are your
shoes i'm actually they can see which to
that you have I got Nick fears and good
and grooved that I'm just gonna be
dropping okay yeah just like I'm sure
we'll hang it on video so anyway um
let's see that has down half we have one
two three four that I still need to get
that I haven't got pickle the silver
rapture you know he's the gold the gold
Rocket Raccoon and then I haven't got
the regular rocket raccoon norstar Lord
nor a Hawkeye so those are the ones i
still need to get yeah sorry i do and
who we don't get doubles yeah I have to
get some more yeah so anyway thank you
for having you in my review today and I
know that you love these so I had to get
some of these and you looked out you got
some last night no because all the ones
we opened last time I didn't know video
I'm did I I can help then I got most of
the ones I'm worried yeah you sure did
okay anybody else thank you so much for
watching we'll see you again next time
bye bye